add UserSettingsIdentityCard (#11974)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/early-hats-rest.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-user-settings': patch
---

> Add UserSettingsIdentityCard to show the result of the identityApi.getBackstageIdentity() call to help debug ownership issues.

Reviewer: Perhaps this is clearer.

```suggestion
Added new `<UserSettingsIdentityCard />` to show the result of the `identityApi.getBackstageIdentity()` call to help debug ownership issues. The new card has been added to the user settings page.
```
